Sorry about my clothes.
I didn't mean to.
You did it on purpose
Jealous of my new dress and new toys
It's not intentional
I heard it all
The toy clothes were sent by my mother
She will pick me up soon.
shut up
These toys are all mine
You don't have a mother
Mom doesn't want you anymore
What's wrong with baby girl
What's going on?
Mom, I didn't mean to.
Don't blame me.
Let Madam know about this
My daughter bought another name.
Mom, where are you? Whose child is this?
Ahhh
Ah!
Uh-huh.
What's your name, kid?
Where do you live?
I don't know.
My head hurts.
What's wrong with him?
The child suffered a severe head injury and burns
I'm afraid I don't remember
Do evil
What brute could do such a heavy hand to a child?
What can I do after that? I want my mother.
I Want Mommy
I want mom not to be afraid
From now on, I will be you, I want my mother
I Want Mommy